<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" http-equiv="content-type" /><title>General Guidelines</title>

</head>
<body>
<h1>1. &nbsp;General Guidelines</h1>
The question of how to edit and deploy the documentating being
developed here has not been addressed at this time. &nbsp;Ideally,
the development process could support multiple tools, which would allow
each author to decide for themselves. &nbsp;However, that could
also lead to chaos. &nbsp;Rather than picking a tool, this document
describes some guildlines that should be followed to simplify the
authoring, management, and deployment process later (to be defined).<br />
<br />
<h2>1.1 &nbsp;Markup - XHTML</h2>
All documents should be marked up using XHTML. &nbsp;While this
does add a bit more work, the advantages are considerable.
&nbsp;Using XHTML allows documents created to be parsed using XML
tools such as SAX. &nbsp;Parsable documents can be later processed
by (TBD) scripts to create deployable forms of the documentation.<br />
<br />
<h2>1.2 &nbsp;Layout - Numbered Sections</h2>
Documents should be sectioned using standard HTML section tags:
&nbsp;H1, H2, etc. &nbsp;Documents may have more than one top
level section. &nbsp;Good use of sectioning improves accessibility.
&nbsp;Numbering provides support for referencing.<br />
<br />
<h2>1.3 &nbsp;Styling</h2>
In it's raw form, technical documentation should reference any style
sheet. &nbsp;Eventually, we might create one for convenience or
provide a way to preview different kinds of style. &nbsp;Until we
do, don't bother with global styling. &nbsp;Text styling for
emphasis is a different matter. &nbsp;Embedded style can be used
appropriately. &nbsp;More detailed guidelines on this will be
developed at a later date.<br />
<h2>1.4 &nbsp;Use of Illustrations and Examples</h2>
The use of illustrations in technical documents is strongly encouraged.
All illustrations should be stored in a directory called "images".
&nbsp;Image formats should be restricted to JPEG or PNG, with PNG
preferred.<br />
<br />
<h3>1.4.1 &nbsp;Screen Shots</h3>
Screen shots should be cropped to show the specific area of interest.
&nbsp;Screen shot images should be no wider than 800 pixels.
&nbsp;If a larger image is needed, it should be scaled down to 800
pixels for display. &nbsp;Most browsers support clicking on the
image to enlarge it.<br />
<h3>1.4.2 &nbsp;Graphics</h3>
Artistic illustrations, charts, diagrams, etc. are subject to the same
restrictions above. <br />
<h3>1.4.3 &nbsp;Code Samples</h3>
Code samples should be formatted using the &lt;PRE&gt; tag.<br />
<h2>1.5 &nbsp;Authors</h2>
At the bottom of each page, include an element of the following form:<br />
<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;div id="author"&gt;Mark
Norton, Glen Golden&lt;/div&gt;<br />
<br />
The primary author should be listed first, followed by other
contributors, even editors. &nbsp;This special element allows
authors to be identified and credited.<br />
<h2>1.6 &nbsp;Sakai Versioning</h2>
At the bottom of the page, include an element of the following form:<br />
<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;div
id="version"&gt;2.9&lt;/div&gt;<br />
<br />
The &nbsp;first Sakai version that this text applies to should be
identified. &nbsp;If changes to Sakai require a change in the
technical documentation, enter the most recent verison number instead.
&nbsp;Source control will allow us to create tagged doc sets for
older versions of Sakai using this technique. &nbsp;If the verision
is unknown, use "0.0".
<h2>1.7 &nbsp;Copyright</h2>
Since this documentation effort is a collaboration between the members
of the Sakai technical community, &nbsp;all rights to this material
is donated to the Apereo Foundation under the terms of the Apereo
Contributor Licese Agreement (CLA). &nbsp;All contributors to this
technical documentation MUST have a CLA on file with Apereo before they
contribute. &nbsp;Likely, documentation will ge distributed under a
Creative Commons License, such as "cc-by".<br />
<br />
<div id="author">Mark J. Norton</div><br />
<div id="verison">0.0</div><br />
<br />
<br />
<br />
</body>
</html>